Our Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen. 

We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!


 

Our Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands— everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences. We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.

We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours.

The Opportunity

The Premiere Pro team is seeking a software engineer to develop the industry leading video product for our millions of customers. We focus on quality to deliver the best in class product used by filmmakers, broadcasters, and leading social creators. Join a diverse and dedicated group of individuals and be party of a collaborative team to create next-generation solutions!

Be part of Adobe's diverse cultural team and one of the dynamic organizations!

What You’ll Do

We develop high-performance, reliable, testable and maintainable code.

Participating in all aspects of software development activities, including design, coding, code review, testing, bug fixing, and code/API documentation.

Collaborate with engineers and participate in daily or weekly stand ups and meetings.

We work both independently and collaboratively within a fast-paced development team, with clear, positive, and constructive communication.

Opportunities to directly engage with our customer base to learn and apply directly into the product.

What You Will Need to Succeed

    Bachelor's or master’s in computer science, computer engineering, or equivalent experience required

    0-1 + years of experience in software development

    Well versed in agile software development protocols and tools

    Proficient in programming languages such as Python, Java, C++ etc.

    Strong technical background with analytical and problem-solving skills

    A passion for quality and engineering excellence at scale targeting evolving challenges.

    Excellent communication with a focus on teamwork with other engineers, product, and design.

    Understanding of video editing application including but not limited to Premiere Pro, a plus.

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several  U.S. geographic markets, and we pay differently based on those defined markets. The U.S. pay range for this position is $73,200 -- $145,000 annually. Pay within this range varies by work location and may also depend on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the job location during the hiring process.